Add support for TwoPaneView and Surface Duo (#2552)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-development/api-extensions.md

> # API Extensions

Author: I'm particularly interested in comments on this document

Reviewer: Seems great - will we able to use this for eg the map control?

Author: We could. There's a need to make sure that interfaces are available for the override, but it's the overall idea.

Uno provides a simple mecanism which allows for external provides to provide an implementation for some known interfaces. The goal behind this is two fold:

- Provide a way to remove some types of dependencies from the main Uno.UI package, reducing the payload size of an app if some features are not required
- Provide a way for developers to provide a custom implementation of a known WinRT or WinUI api for which the default implementation is not provided

A common scenario can be found on Android, where adding an external dependency can increase the build time and payload size unnecessarily.

## Declaring an extension

> In a nuget package, depending on the Uno.UI package, define the follow code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a library, referencing the Uno.UI package, define the following code:
```

```csharp
[assembly: Uno.Foundation.Extensibility.ApiExtension(typeof(Windows.ISomeExtensibleType), typeof(MySomeExtensibleType))]

public class MySomeExtensibleType : ISomeExtensibleType
{
    public MySomeExtensibleType(object owner)
    {
    
    }
}
```

> When a nuget package containing such a declaration is found in the currently built application, the App.InitializeComponent() method will automatically add the following code to the app startup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a NuGet package containing such a declaration is found in the currently built application, the App.InitializeComponent() method will automatically add the following code to the app startup:
```
